# 2023-10-09 Week 3

- Requested our initial meeting with Rachel on 2023-10-11
- Omar has a preference for the Reinforcement Learning project as it’s an area he’s interested in
  - Lucy has a similar preference. Excited about
  - Omar: What's the worst case if we can’t explain the Deep Reinforcement Learning?
    - Mitigate by aiming for a really simple model for November, an “Minimum Viable Product (MVP)”
  - Jonny: Concern that we’ll focus too much on the ML aspect and miss the goals of the course - making reliable, robust software to a method.
  - Lucy: Valid concern, if we’re trying to get the paper out quickly, you’re only trying to run the code once, tend towards a “hackathon” mindset.
  - Jonny: Please could you give me an example of the “explainable AI” element?
  - Omar: For house prices, it could tell you that the particular house being examined is above average because of the features: square-footage and area were above average and the fact it had 2 bedrooms had no impact.
  - Lucy: Essentially reverse engineering a neural network. E.g. going from a neural network to the equivalent set of instructions an agent is following. We’re not getting there but we can aim towards it.
- Product Breakdown Structure
  - Interpretable Game Option
    - Game environment with modifiable aspects
      - Grid-world
      - Atari game
      - Inputs are pixel values - we want to avoid them.
      - Pongs
      - Modifiable in some way
      - Battleships
      - OpenAI Gymnasium
        - Several good options
    - Deep Reinforcement Learning Model
    - Dashboard
    - Cloud Service?
  - Recipe Plugin Option
    - Ingredient matching from recipe to database
    - Recommending the swap
      - Vector database
      - Take into account other ingredients and carbon impact

# Actions

- [x] Get feedback from Dan on the idea - Whole team (led by Lucy) 10 Oct 2023
- [x] Pick a suitable game environment - Whole team 12 Oct 2023
  - Bear in mind what features might be available to the model and hence the explainer-dashboard
- [x] Assign responsibilities - Whole team
  - Dependent on details of implementation
  - Likely Lucy and Omar focusing on the Machine Learning and Explain-ability side (though Jonny and Vishal would like to learn as much as possible too!)
